Added script to disable/reenable lambdas (#238) (#882)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

        - [6.1.1 Initial setup](#611-initial-setup)
        - [6.1.2 Prepare for promotion](#612-prepare-for-promotion)
        - [6.1.3 Finishing up deployment / promotion](#613-finishing-up-deployment--promotion)

>     - [6.2 Big Red Button](#62-big-red-button)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [6.2 Big red button](#62-big-red-button)
```

   manual `reindex` job on the Gitlab pipeline representing the most recent
   build on the current branch.

## 6.2 Big red button

In the event of an emergency, Azul can be shut down immediately using the 

> `enable_lambdas.py` script. When using this script, make sure that your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enable_lambdas.py` script. Before using this script, make sure that the desired 
```

> deployment is selected and your python environment is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment is selected and your Python environment is activated.
```

For the 100th time. Python is a frigging proper noun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment is selected and your python virtual environment is activated.
```
